README.md, before:

[![iOS 4 Beginners](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1230922/31862042-c045dba0-b737-11e7-98bf-e816ad04ad73.png)](https://github.com/DaftMobile/ios4beginners_2017)

![Platforms](https://img.shields.io/badge/platforms-iOS-blue.svg)
![License: Apache 2.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)
[![Twitter Follow ](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/espadrine.svg?style=social&label=Follow)](https://twitter.com/mdab121)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/espadrine.svg?style=social&label=Follow)](https://twitter.com/DaftMobile)

# iOS 4 Beginners class – MiMUW 2017


## Classes

### Class 1: Hello Swift

We were talking about the basics of Swift programming language:

- Variables and **constants** (`var` and `let` keywords)
- `String`
- `Array` and `Dictionary` data types (value types)
- Optionals (`Int?`, `String?`, `if let ...` syntax, and so on)
- Control Flow (`if`, `for` and `while` loops, `switch` statement (💪))
- Functions – defining a function with parameters in Swift (`func` keyword), return value type, calling functions, etc.
- Classes – defining a basic class, defining methods, class properties, initializers. We've also discussed inheritance in Swift, overriding methods and initializers.

To learn more, go through the [Swift Basics](./Class%201) playground.

_Next:_

Next week we'll discuss Swift structs, enums, and memory management. Then, we'll dive into iOS and its basic UI components! 📱😁

## Resources

- [Install Swift on Linux](https://swift.org/download/#releases) - we're using version `4.0`
- [Open Source Swift](https://swift.org)
- [Free Swift Book](https://itunes.apple.com/us/book/the-swift-programming-language/id881256329?mt=11)
- [iOS Documentation](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/)
- [Apple Development Videos](https://developer.apple.com/videos/)

## Contact

- [E-mail](mailto:michal.dabrowski+mimuw@daftcode.pl)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/mdab121)

Commit message:

Add class 2 topics and link to home assignment

README.md, after:

[![iOS 4 Beginners](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1230922/31862042-c045dba0-b737-11e7-98bf-e816ad04ad73.png)](https://github.com/DaftMobile/ios4beginners_2017)

![Platforms](https://img.shields.io/badge/platforms-iOS-blue.svg)
![License: Apache 2.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)
[![Twitter Follow ](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/espadrine.svg?style=social&label=Follow)](https://twitter.com/mdab121)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/espadrine.svg?style=social&label=Follow)](https://twitter.com/DaftMobile)

# iOS 4 Beginners class – MiMUW 2017


## Classes

### Class 1: Hello Swift

We were talking about the basics of Swift programming language:

- Variables and **constants** (`var` and `let` keywords)
- `String`
- `Array` and `Dictionary` data types (value types)
- Optionals (`Int?`, `String?`, `if let ...` syntax, and so on)
- Control Flow (`if`, `for` and `while` loops, `switch` statement (💪))
- Functions – defining a function with parameters in Swift (`func` keyword), return value type, calling functions, etc.
- Classes – defining a basic class, defining methods, class properties, initializers. We've also discussed inheritance in Swift, overriding methods and initializers.

To learn more, go through the [Swift Basics](./Class%201) playground.

### Class 2: Intermediate Swift and Introduction to AutoLayout

We were talking about some more advanced concepts of Swift, including:

- Enums!
- Structs
- Value Types vs Reference Types
- Nested Types
- Memory management in Swift

To learn more, go through the [Swift Intermediate](./Class%202) playground.

We've also started to talk about AutoLayout and basic usage of Interfac Builder in XCode.

_Homework:_

See home assignment [here](Assignments/Assignment1/assignment1.md).

## Resources

- [Install Swift on Linux](https://swift.org/download/#releases) - we're using version `4.0`
- [Open Source Swift](https://swift.org)
- [Free Swift Book](https://itunes.apple.com/us/book/the-swift-programming-language/id881256329?mt=11)
- [iOS Documentation](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/)
- [Apple Development Videos](https://developer.apple.com/videos/)

## Contact

- [E-mail](mailto:michal.dabrowski+mimuw@daftcode.pl)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/mdab121)
